https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zanella Zanella
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anasagasti Anasagasti
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andino Andino
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ASA_(automobile) ASA
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eniak_Antique Eniak
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hispano-Argentina Hispano-Argentina
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Industrias_Aeron%C3%A1uticas_y_Mec%C3%A1nicas_del_Estado Industrias Aeronáuticas y Mecánicas del Estado
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Italian_American_Motor_Engineering Italian American Motor Engineering
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Industrias_Kaiser_Argentina Industrias Kaiser Argentina
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ErAZ ErAZ
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bolwell Bolwell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Borland_Racing_Developments Borland Racing Developments
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bufori Bufori
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bullet_(car) Bullet
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Devaux_Coupe Devaux
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elfin_Cars Elfin Cars
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Finch_Restorations Finch Restorations
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jacer Jacer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joss_Developments Joss Developments
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minetti_Sports_Cars Minetti Sports Cars
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nota Nota
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PRB_(car) PRB
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Puma_Clubman Puma Clubman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Python_(automobile_maker) Python
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum Quantum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roaring_Forties Roaring Forties
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spartan-V Spartan-V
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stohr_Cars Stohr Cars
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alpha_Sports Alpha Sports
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ascort Ascort
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/British_Motor_Corporation_(Australia) Austin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australian_Six Australian Six
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australis_(automobile) Australis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Birchfield_(car) Birchfield
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blade_Electron Blade
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buchanan_(car) Buchanan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buckle_GT_Tourer Buckle
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bush_Ranger_(car) Bush Ranger
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caldwell_Vale Caldwell Vale
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cheetah_Racing_Cars Cheetah
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giocattolo Giocattolo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goggomobil Goggomobil
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laurence_Hartnett#Life_after_GMH Hartnett
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holden Holden
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holden_Special_Vehicles HSV
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ilinga Ilinga
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kaditcha Kaditcha
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lloyd-Hartnett Lloyd-Hartnett
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lonsdale_(car) Lonsdale
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mitsubishi_Australia Mitsubishi Australia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UK UK
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colt_Car_Company Colt Car Company
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pellandini_Cars Pellandini
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Purvis_Eureka Purvis Eureka
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shrike_(racing_car) Shrike
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Southern_Cross_(automobile) Southern Cross
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Statesman_(automobile) Statesman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tarrant_automobile Tarrant
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zeta_(automobile) Zeta
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eurostar_Automobilwerk Eurostar Automobilwerk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KTM KTM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magna_Steyr Magna Steyr
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%C3%96AF ÖAF
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Puch Puch
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steyr_Motors_GmbH Steyr Motors GmbH
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rosenbauer Rosenbauer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tushek%26Spigel_Supercars Tushek&Spigel Supercars
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Austro-Daimler Austro-Daimler
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Austro-Tatra Austro-Tatra
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Custoca Custoca
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denzel_(automobile) Denzel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Felber_Autoroller Felber Autoroller
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gr%C3%A4f_%26_Stift Gräf & Stift
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grofri Grofri
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Libelle_(microcar) Libelle
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lohner%E2%80%93Porsche Lohner–Porsche
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M%C3%B6ve_101 Möve 101
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steyr_automobile Steyr automobile
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steyr-Daimler-Puch Steyr-Daimler-Puch
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ganja_Auto_Plant GA
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nakhchivan_Automobile_Plant NAZ
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AzSamand Aziz
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pragoti Pragoti
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Runner_Automobiles Runner Automobiles
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uttara_Group_of_Companies Uttara
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Walton_Motors Walton Motors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BelGee BelGee
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minsk_Automobile_Plant Minsk Automobile Plant
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ford_Union Ford Union
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edran Edran
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gillet Gillet
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ADK_(automobile) ADK
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alatac Alatac
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apal Apal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Astra_(1930_automobile) Astra
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Auto-Mixte Auto-Mixte
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/De_Wandre De Wandre
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delecroix Delecroix
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Compagnie_Nationale_Excelsior Excelsior
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flaid Flaid
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ateliers_Germain Germain
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imperia_Automobiles Imperia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeecy-Vea Jeecy-Vea
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juwel Juwel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Meeussen Meeussen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miesse Miesse
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minerva_(automobile) Minerva
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pieper Pieper
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pipe_(car) Pipe
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ranger_(automobile) Ranger
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/General_Motors General Motors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Royal_Star Royal Star
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Springuel Springuel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vincke Vincke
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vivinus Vivinus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agrale Agrale
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chamonix_(car) Chamonix
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tecnologia_Automotiva_Catarinense TAC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volkswagen_do_Brasil Volkswagen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brasinca_Uirapuru Brasinca
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dacon Dacon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dardo_(automobile) Dardo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Engesa Engesa
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fabral Fabral
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Farus Farus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/F%C3%A1brica_Nacional_de_Motores FNM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gurgel Gurgel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hofstetter_turbo Hofstetter
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lobini Lobini
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MP_Lafer MP Lafer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Puma_(car_manufacturer) Puma
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Santa_Matilde Santa Matilde
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Troller Troller
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willys-Overland#The_Brazilian_era Willys
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Litex_Motors Litex Motors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SIN_Cars SIN Cars
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bulgaralpine Bulgaralpine
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bulgarrenault Bulgarrenault
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moskvitch_(Bulgaria) Moskvitch
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pirin-Fiat Pirin-Fiat
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sofia_(car) Sofia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intermeccanica Intermeccanica
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Felino_Corporation Felino
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acadian_(automobile) Acadian
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amherst_(automobile) Amherst
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/As%C3%BCna Asüna
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beaumont_(automobile) Beaumont
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bricklin_automobile Bricklin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brock_Motors Brock
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brooks_Steam_Motors Brooks
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colonial_Motors Canadian
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canadian_Motor Canadian Motor
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clinton_(automobile) Clinton
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dominion_Motors_Frontenac Dominion Motors Frontenac
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Envoy_(automobile) Envoy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frontenac_(marque) Frontenac
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gareau Gareau
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gray-Dort_Motors_Ltd. Gray-Dort
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/London_Motors London Six
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manic_GT Manic GT
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/McLaughlin_Motor_Car_Company McLaughlin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Meteor_(car) Meteor
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monarch_(marque) Monarch
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moose_Jaw_Standard Moose Jaw Standard
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Queen_(Canadian_automobile) Queen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Studebaker_Canada_Ltd. Studebaker
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Brockett_Tudhope Tudhope
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ZENN ZENN
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aiways Aiways
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BAIC_Group BAIC Group
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arcfox Arcfox
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BAIC_Motor Beijing
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Changhe Changhe
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foton_Motor Foton
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BAW Beijing Automobile Works
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BYD_Auto BYD
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denza Denza
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yangwang Yangwang
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fangchengbao Fangchengbao
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chang%27an_Motors Chang'an Motors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Changan_Automobile Changan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deepal Deepal (Shenlan)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hafei Hafei
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oshan_(marque) Oshan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chery_Automobile Chery (Qirui)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exeed Exeed
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jetour Jetour
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dongfeng_Motor_Corporation Dongfeng
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dongfeng_Fengshen Dongfeng Fengshen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dongfeng_Nammi Dongfeng Nammi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Venucia Venucia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Voyah Voyah
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First_Automobile_Works First Automobile Works
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bestune Bestune
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FAW_Tianjin FAW Tianjin (Xiali)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haima_Automobile Haima Automobile
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FAW_Hongqi Hongqi (Red Flag)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Huali Huali
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fudi Fudi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geely_Automobile Geely (Jili)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geely_Auto Geely Auto
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geometry_(car_marque) Geely Geometry
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lynk_%26_Co Lynk & Co
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zeekr Zeekr
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shanghai_Maple_Guorun_Automobile Shanghai Maple Guorun Automobile
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Wall_Motors Great Wall Motors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haval_(marque) Haval
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ORA_(marque) ORA
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TANK_(marque) TANK
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wey_(marque) Wey
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GAC_Group GAC Group
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aion_(car_brand) Aion
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Changfeng_Motor Changfeng Motor
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Everus Everus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gonow Gonow
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trumpchi Trumpchi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hawtai Hawtai (Huatai)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brilliance_China_Auto Huachen (Brilliance)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_Horizons Human Horizons
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jinbei_(car) Jinbei
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SG_Automotive Hwanghai
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JAC_Motors JAC Motors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jiangling_Motor Jiangling
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jiangling_Motors#JMC_(Jiangling) JMC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yusheng Yusheng
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jonway Jonway
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Landwind Landwind
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leapmotor Leapmotor
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Li_Auto Li Auto
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lifan_Group Lifan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Huayang_Auto Huayang
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nanjing_Golden_Dragon_Bus Nanjing Golden Dragon Bus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nio_Inc. Nio
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qoros Qoros
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SAIC_Motor SAIC Motor
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baojun Baojun
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IM_Motors IM Motors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maxus Maxus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MG_Motor MG Motor
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yuejin Yuejin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rising_Auto Rising Auto
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roewe Roewe
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SAIC-GM-Wuling_Automobile Wuling
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seres_Group Seres
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AITO_(marque) AITO
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DFSK_Motor DFSK
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shaanxi_Automobile_Group Shaanxi Automobile Group
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sichuan_Tengzhong_Heavy_Industrial_Machinery_Company Sichuan Tengzhong
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soueast_Motors Soueast Motors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dongnan Dongnan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xinkai Xinkai
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XPeng XPeng
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yema_Auto Yema Auto
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yutong Yutong
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ZX_Auto ZX Auto
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xiaomi Xiaomi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guangzhou_Baolong_Motors Baolong
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Byton_(company) Byton
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dadi_Auto Dadi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polarsun_Automobile Polarsun Automobile
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Senova Senova
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shuanghuan Shuanghuan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Youngman Youngman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zotye_International Zotye
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%C4%90uro_%C4%90akovi%C4%87_(company) Đuro Đaković
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DOK-ING DOK-ING
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rimac_Automobili Rimac
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tvornica_Autobusa_Zagreb Tvornica Autobusa Zagreb
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Avia Avia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jawa_Moto Jawa
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kaipan Kaipan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Karosa Karosa
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IVECO IVECO Bus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MTX_(automobile) MTX / Metalex
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MW_Motors_Luka_EV MW Motors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Praga_(company) Praga
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%C5%A0koda_Auto Škoda
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tatra_(company) Tatra
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aero_(automobile) Aero
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aspa_(car) Aspa
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gatter_Autowerk_Reichstadt Gatter
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LIAZ_(Czech_Republic) LIAZ
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stelka Stelka
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Velorex Velorex
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Walter_Aircraft_Engines Walter
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikov Wikov
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zbrojovka_Brno Zbrojovka Brno
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PVP_Karting PVP Karting
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zenvo_Automotive Zenvo Automotive
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anglo-Dane Anglo-Dane
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brems_(automobile) Brems
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dansk_(automobile) Dansk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Krampers Krampers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Speranza_Chery Speranza
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nasr_(car_company) Nasr
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nobe_GT100 Nobe
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holland_Car Holland Car
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elcat_Electric_Vehicles Elcat
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electric_Raceabout Electric Raceabout
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Korvensuu_(car) Korvensuu
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sisu_Auto Sisu Auto
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Valmet_Automotive Valmet Automotive
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vanajan_Autotehdas Vanaja
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Valtra Valtra
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aixam Aixam
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alpine_(automobile) Alpine
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bollor%C3%A9 Bolloré
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bugatti_Automobiles Bugatti
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Automobiles_Chatenet Chatenet
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Citro%C3%ABn Citroën
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delage Delage
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/De_La_Chapelle De la Chapelle
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DS_Automobiles DS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ligier Ligier
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microcar_(brand) Microcar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peugeot Peugeot
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PGO_(Automobile) PGO
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Renault Renault
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Renault_Trucks Renault Trucks
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amilcar Amilcar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ballot_(automobile) Ballot
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berliet Berliet
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chenard-Walcker Chenard-Walcker
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Automobiles_Darracq_France Darracq
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DB_(car) DB
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/De_Dion-Bouton De Dion-Bouton
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delahaye Delahaye
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Facel_Vega Facel Vega
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gobron-Brilli%C3%A9 Gobron-Brillié
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hotchkiss_(car) Hotchkiss
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lorraine-Dietrich Lorraine-Dietrich
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mathis_(automobile) Mathis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Matra Matra
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Panhard Panhard
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Panhard_et_Levassor Panhard et Levassor
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Automobiles_L._Rosengart Rosengart
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Salmson Salmson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saviem Saviem
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simca Simca
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Automobiles_Talbot_France Talbot
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talbot-Lago Talbot-Lago
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tracta Tracta
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VELAM VELAM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vespa_400 Vespa
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Avions_Voisin Voisin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/9ff 9ff
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ABT_Sportsline ABT Sportsline
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Audi Audi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alpina Alpina
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mercedes-AMG AMG
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artega_Automobile Artega
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BMW BMW
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BMW_M BMW M
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brabus Brabus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CityEl CityEl
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ford-Werke_GmbH Ford-Werke
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gemballa Gemballa
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isdera_AG Isdera
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lotec Lotec
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magirus Magirus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MAN_Truck_%26_Bus MAN
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maybach Maybach
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Melkus Melkus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mercedes-Benz Mercedes-Benz
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Opel Opel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Porsche Porsche
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ruf_Automobile Ruf
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smart_(marque) Smart
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TechArt TechArt
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volkswagen Volkswagen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wiesmann Wiesmann
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amphicar Amphicar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Auto_Union Auto Union
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitter_(automobile) Bitter
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Borgward Borgward
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DKW DKW
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glas_(company) Glas
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goliath_(company) Goliath
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hansa_(company) Hansa
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heinkel_Kabine Heinkel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Horch Horch
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_German_Automobile_and_Engine Lloyd
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mercedes_(marque) Mercedes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Messerschmitt#Post-war Messerschmitt
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NSU_Motorenwerke NSU
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trabant Trabant
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Porsche_914 VW-Porsche
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wanderer_(company) Wanderer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wartburg_(marque) Wartburg
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kantanka_Automobile Kantanka
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ELVO ELVO
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kioleides Kioleides
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keraboss_Super_K Keraboss
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Korres_(Engineering) Korres
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Namco_(automobiles) Namco
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RCH_(cars) Replicar Hellas
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alta_(vehicles) Alta
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Attica_(automobiles) Attica
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Autokinitoviomihania_Ellados Autokinitoviomihania Ellados
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Automeccanica Automeccanica
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Balkania_(trade_name) Balkania
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Biotechnia_Ellinikon_Trikyklon BET
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Biamax Biamax
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C.AR_(automobiles) C.AR
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Candia_(vehicles) Candia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diana_(agricultural_machinery) Diana
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DIM_(automobiles) DIM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EBIAM EBIAM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hercules_(vehicles) Hercules
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MAVA-Renault MAVA-Renault
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MEBEA MEBEA
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neorion Neorion
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pan-Car Pan-Car
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Record_(agricultural_vehicles) Record
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scavas Scavas
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Styl_Kar Styl Kar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tangalakis-Temax Tangalakis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Theologou Theologou
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R%C3%A1ba_(company) Rába
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Csepel_Automobile_Factory Csepel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Csonka_(automobile) Csonka
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fejes Fejes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ikarus_(Hungarian_company) Ikarus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hungarian_General_Machine_Factory MÁG
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ashok_Leyland Ashok Leyland
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bajaj_Auto Bajaj Auto
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eicher_Motors Eicher Motors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Force_Motors Force Motors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mahindra_%26_Mahindra Mahindra & Mahindra
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maruti_Suzuki Maruti Suzuki
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tata_Motors Tata Motors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinkara_Motors Chinkara Motors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hindustan_Motors Hindustan Motors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ICML_motors ICML
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Premier_Automobiles_Limited Premier
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mahindra_Reva Reva
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sipani Sipani Motors (Sunrise Auto Industries)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Standard_(Indian_automobile) Standard
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Esemka Esemka
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pindad Pindad
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timor_Putra_Nasional Timor
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bahman_Group Bahman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diar Diar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iran_Khodro Iran Khodro
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Khodro_Kaveer Khodro Kaveer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kish_Khodro Kish Khodro
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morattab Morattab
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modiran_Vehicle_Manufacturing_Company MVM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pars_Khodro Pars Khodro
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paykan Paykan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SAIPA SAIPA
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shahab_Khodro Shahab Khodro
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zagross_Khodro Zagross Khodro
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shamrock_(car) Shamrock
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TMC_Costin TMC Costin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alesbury Alesbury
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GAC_Ireland GAC Ireland
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Automotive_Industries AIL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plasan Plasan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Autocars_Co. Autocars
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kaiser-Frazer#Kaiser_in_Israel Kaiser-Ilin Industries
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abarth Abarth
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alfa_Romeo Alfa Romeo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Casalini Casalini
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cizeta Cizeta
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/De_Tomaso De Tomaso
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DR_Automobiles DR
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ferrari Ferrari
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fiat_Automobiles Fiat
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mazzanti_Automobili F&M
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giannini_Automobili Giannini
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giottiline Giottiline
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grecav Grecav
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Italdesign Italdesign
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iveco Iveco
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lamborghini Lamborghini
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lancia Lancia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maserati Maserati
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pagani_(company) Pagani
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Piaggio Piaggio
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pininfarina Pininfarina
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qvale Qvale
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spada_Codatronca Spada Vetture Sport
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Autobianchi Autobianchi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gruppo_Bertone Bertone
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bizzarrini Bizzarrini
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cisitalia Cisitalia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Covini_Engineering Covini
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Innocenti Innocenti
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iso_(automobile) Iso
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/O.S.C.A. O.S.C.A.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Siata Siata
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baby-Brousse Baby-Brousse
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Citation_needed citation needed
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sony_Honda_Mobility Afeela
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aspark Aspark
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daihatsu Daihatsu
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lexus Lexus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Honda Honda
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acura Acura
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isuzu Isuzu
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mazda Mazda
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mitsubishi_Motors Mitsubishi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mitsuoka Mitsuoka
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nissan Nissan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nissan_GT-R GT-R
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nismo Nismo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infiniti Infiniti
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Subaru Subaru
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suzuki Suzuki
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toyota Toyota
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yamaha_Motor Yamaha Motor
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amati_Cars Amati Cars
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Autozam Autozam
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Datsun Datsun
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%C6%90%CC%83fini ɛ̃fini
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eunos_(automobile) Eunos
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hino_Contessa Hino
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Motor_Company Prince
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scion_(automobile) Scion
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toyopet Toyopet
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mobius_Motors Mobius
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_car_brands#cite_note-1 [1]
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nyayo_Car Nyayo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jehle Jehle
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orca_Engineering Orca
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Karenjy Karenjy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proton_Holdings Proton
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perodua Perodua
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TD2000 TD2000
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inokom Inokom
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Naza Naza
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HICOM_Automotive_Manufacturers_(Malaysia) Hicom
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DINA_S.A. Dina
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mastretta Mastretta
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Veh%C3%ADculos_Automotores_Mexicanos VAM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zacua Zacua
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Venturi_Automobiles Venturi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laraki Laraki
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uri_International_Vehicle_%26_Equipment_Marketing Uri-Automobile
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hulas_Motors Hulas Motors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donkervoort Donkervoort
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DAF_Trucks Van Doorne's Automobiel Fabrieken
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Savage_Rivale_Roadyacht_GTS Savage Rivale
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spyker_Cars Spyker
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vencer Vencer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DAF_Cars DAF
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spyker Spyker
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eysink Eysink
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VDL_Nedcar VDL Nedcar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Almac_(automobile) Almac
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alternative_Cars_Limited_(New_Zealand) Alternative Cars
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chevron_Engineering_Ltd Chevron
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fraser_Clubman Fraser
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hulme_F1 Hulme
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leitch_Super_Sprint Leitch
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saker_Cars Saker
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anziel_Nova Anziel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beattie_(automobile) Beattie
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marlborough_(automobile) Carlton
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cobra_(car) Cobra
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamilton_Walker_(New_Zealand) Crowther
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/De_Joux_(car) De Joux
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frederick_Dennison Dennison
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Everson_aircraft Everson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heron_Cars Heron
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graham_McRae McRae
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microplas Mistral
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lotus_Seven Steel Brothers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trekka Trekka
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UltraCommuter UltraCommuter
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cecil_Wood_(engineer) Wood
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Izuogu_Z-600 Izuogu
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Innoson_Vehicle_Manufacturing Innoson Vehicle Manufacturing
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pyeonghwa_Motors Pyeonghwa Motors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sungri_Motor_Plant Sungri Motors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kongsberg_Automotive Kongsberg
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bjering_(car) Bjering
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buddy_(electric_car) Buddy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C._Geijer_%26_Co Geijer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Norsk_(marque) Norsk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Think_Global Think
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Troll_(automobile) Troll
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atlas_Honda Atlas Honda
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Honda_Atlas_Cars Honda Atlas Cars Pakistan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Al_Haj_FAW_Motors FAW Pakistan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ghandhara_Nissan Ghandhara Nissan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ghandhara_Industries_Limited Ghandhara Industries
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heavy_Industries_Taxila Heavy Industries Taxila
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hinopak_Motors Hinopak
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Master_Motors Master
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Millat_Tractors Millat Tractors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pak_Suzuki_Motors Pak Suzuki
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toyota_Indus Indus Motors Company
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yamaha_Motor_Pakistan Yamaha Motor Pakistan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sazgar Sazgar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyundai_Nishat_Motors Hyundai Nishat Motors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kia_Lucky_Motors Kia Lucky Motors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Auto_Industries United Auto Industries
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DFSK_(Sokon)#Prince_Pearl Prince DFSK
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MG_JW_Automobile MG JW Automobile
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adam_Motor_Company Adam Motor Company
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nexus_Automotive Nexus Automotive
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dewan_Farooque_Motors Dewan Farooque Motors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arrinera Arrinera
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fabryka_Samochod%C3%B3w_Osobowych FSO
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Melex Melex
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polski_Fiat Polski Fiat
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UMM_(Uni%C3%A3o_Metalo-Mec%C3%A2nica) UMM (União Metalo-Mecânica)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portaro Portaro
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Automobile_Dacia Dacia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ford_Romania Ford Romania
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oltcit Oltcit
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ARO ARO
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Automobile_Craiova Daewoo Automobile S.A.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/El_Car El Car
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atom Atom
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aurus_Motors Aurus Motors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Evolute Evolute
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GAZ GAZ
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lada Lada
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moskvich Moskvich
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KamAZ KamAZ
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UAZ UAZ
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sollers_JSC Sollers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BelAZ BelAZ
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Derways_Automobile_Company Derways
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kalashnikov_Concern Izh
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marussia Marussia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russo-Balt Russo-Balt
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TagAZ TagAZ
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ZiL ZiL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ceer_Motors Ceer Motors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FCA_Srbija FCA Srbija
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zastava_TERVO Zastava TERVO
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IDA-Opel IDA-Opel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zastava_Koral Yugo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zastava_Automobiles Zastava
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/K-1_Attack K-1 Engineering
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trnavsk%C3%A9_automobilov%C3%A9_z%C3%A1vody Trnavské automobilové závody
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Revoz Revoz
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tovarna_avtomobilov_Maribor TAM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tushek Tushek & Spigel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Birkin_Cars Birkin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perana_Performance_Group Perana
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Automotive_Design Shaka
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Superformance Superformance
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Automotive_Design_and_Development Eagle
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glass_Sport_Motors GSM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Optimal_Energy_Joule Optimal Energy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basil_Green_Motors Perana
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Protea_(car) Protea
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ranger_(car) Ranger
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sao_Penza Sao
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chevrolet Chevrolet Korea
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CT%26T_United CT&T
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genesis_Motors Genesis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyundai_Motor_Company Hyundai
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kia_Motors Kia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Renault_Samsung_Motors Renault Samsung
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SsangYong_Motor Ssangyong
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asia_Motors Asia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daewoo_Motors Daewoo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saehan_Motors GMK
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proto_Motors Proto
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shinjin_Motors Shinjin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spirra Spirra
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aspid Aspid
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comarth Comarth
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SEAT_Cupra Cupra
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GTA_Motor GTA Motor
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hurtan Hurtan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SEAT SEAT
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GTA_Spano Spania GTA
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tramontana_(sports_car) Tramontana (sports car)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tauro_Sport_Auto Tauro Sport Auto
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UROVESA UROVESA
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hispano_Suiza Hispano Suiza
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pegaso Pegaso
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Santana_Motor Santana
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volvo_Cars Volvo Cars
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Koenigsegg Koenigsegg
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polestar Polestar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rengsj%C3%B6bilen Rengsjöbilen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saab_Automobile Saab
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hult_Healey Hult Healey
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/J%C3%B6sse_Car Jösse Car
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kalmar_Verkstad Tjorven
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NEVS NEVS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MBM_(automobile) MBM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monteverdi_(automobile) Monteverdi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rinspeed Rinspeed
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/China_Motor_Corporation CMC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Formosa_Automobile_Corporation Formosa
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luxgen Luxgen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thunder_Power Thunder Power
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yue_Loong Yue Long/Yulon/YLN
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thai_Rung_Union_Car Thai Rung
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Industries_M%C3%A9caniques_Maghr%C3%A9bines Industries Mécaniques Maghrébines
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wallyscar Wallyscar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_car_brands#cite_note-2 [2]
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anadol Anadol
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Devrim Devrim
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Etox Etox
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%C3%96zmakta%C5%9F-%C3%96zalt%C4%B1n_Makina_Otomotiv Özaltin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Temsa Temsa
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tofa%C5%9F Tofaş
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TOGG TOGG
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kiira_Motors_Corporation Kiira
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ZAZ ZAZ
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KrAZ KrAZ
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Devel_Motors Devel Motors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/W_Motors W Motors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AC_Cars AC Cars
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arash_Motor_Company Arash
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ariel_Motor_Company Ariel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arrival_(company) Arrival
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aston_Martin Aston Martin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Briggs_Automotive_Company Briggs Automotive Company (BAC)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bentley Bentley
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caterham_Cars Caterham Cars
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Brown_Automotive David Brown
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ginetta_Cars Ginetta
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gordon_Murray_Automotive Gordon Murray Automotive
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ineos#Ineos_Automotive Ineos Automotive
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jaguar_Cars Jaguar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_car_brands#cite_note-3 [3]
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lagonda Lagonda
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Land_Rover Land Rover
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lister_Motor_Company Lister
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/London_Electric_Vehicle_Company London Electric Vehicle Company
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lotus_Cars Lotus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mini_(marque) Mini
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/McLaren_Automotive McLaren
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morgan_Motor_Company Morgan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Noble_Automotive Noble
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radical_Sportscars Radical
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rolls-Royce_Motor_Cars Rolls-Royce
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TVR TVR
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vauxhall_Motors Vauxhall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_car_brands#cite_note-4 [4]
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albion_Motors Albion
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allard_Motor_Company Allard
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alvis_Car_and_Engineering_Company Alvis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Armstrong_Siddeley Armstrong Siddeley
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ascari_Cars Ascari
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Austin_Motor_Company Austin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Austin-Healey Austin-Healey
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berkeley_Cars Berkeley
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sharp%27s_Commercials Bond
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bristol_Cars Bristol
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/British_Salmson British Salmson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buckler_Cars Buckler
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chambers_Motors Chambers Motors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chrysler_Europe Chrysler Europe
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clan_(car) Clan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crossley_Motors Crossley
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daimler_Company Daimler
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dellow Dellow
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Durant_(automobile) Durant
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dutton_Cars Dutton
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elva_(car_manufacturer) Elva
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enfield_Automotive Enfield
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fairthorpe_Cars Fairthorpe
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Farboud_Limited Farboud Limited
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frazer_Nash Frazer Nash
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gilbern Gilbern
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gordon-Keeble Gordon-Keeble
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donald_Healey_Motor_Company Healey
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hillman Hillman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Humber_Limited Humber
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Invacar Invacar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Invicta_(car) Invicta
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jensen_Motors Jensen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jowett Jowett
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keating_Supercars Keating Supercars
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lanchester_Motor_Company Lanchester
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lea-Francis Lea-Francis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lloyd_Cars_Ltd Lloyd
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lotus-Cortina Lotus-Cortina
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marauder_Cars Marauder
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MG_Cars MG
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nash_Metropolitan Metropolitan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Midas_Cars Midas
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morris_Motors Morris
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nash-Healey Nash-Healey
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Panther_Westwinds Panther
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paramount_Cars Paramount
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peel_Engineering_Company Peel Engineering Company
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peerless_(UK_car) Peerless
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Princess_(car) Princess
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reliant_Motors Reliant
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Riley_Motor Riley
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rover_(marque) Rover
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RW_Kit_Cars RW
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singer_Motors Singer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spartan_Cars Spartan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Standard_Motor_Company Standard
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sunbeam_Motor_Car_Company Sunbeam
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sunbeam-Talbot Sunbeam-Talbot
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swallow_Doretti Swallow
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cl%C3%A9ment-Talbot Talbot
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tornado_Cars Tornado
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trident_Cars Trident
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triumph_Motor_Company Triumph
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trojan_(automobile) Trojan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turner_Sports_Cars Turner
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tyrrell_Racing Tyrrell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vanden_Plas Vanden Plas
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wolseley_Motors Wolseley
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AM_General AM General
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anteros_Coachworks_Inc. Anteros
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arcimoto Arcimoto
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aurica_Motors Aurica
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bollinger_Motors Bollinger Motors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bremach Bremach
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buick Buick
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cadillac Cadillac
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chrysler Chrysler
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Czinger Czinger
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DeLorean_Motor_Company DeLorean Motor Company
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dodge Dodge
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elio_Motors Elio Motors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Equus_Automotive Equus Automotive
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E-Z-GO E-Z-GO
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Falcon_Motorsports Falcon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faraday_Future Faraday
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ford_Motor_Company Ford
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GMC_(automobile) GMC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hennessey_Performance_Engineering Hennessey
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeep Jeep
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Karma_Automotive Karma
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lincoln_Motor_Company Lincoln
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lucid_Motors Lucid
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lyons_Motor_Car Lyons
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Panoz Panoz
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polaris_Industries Polaris
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Racefab_Inc. Racefab
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RAESR RAESR
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ram_Trucks Ram Trucks
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rezvani_Automotive_Designs Rezvani
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rivian Rivian
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rossion_Automotive Rossion
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saleen Saleen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scuderia_Cameron_Glickenhaus Scuderia Cameron Glickenhaus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carroll_Shelby_International Shelby American
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SSC_North_America SSC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tesla,_Inc. Tesla
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trion_Supercars Trion Supercars
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vehicle_Production_Group Vehicle Production Group
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zimmer_(automobile) Zimmer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ajax_(Nash_Motors) Ajax
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Motors_Corporation AMC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Simplex American Simplex
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Auburn_Automobile Auburn
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Checker_Motors_Corporation Checker
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coda_Automotive Coda
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cord_(automobile) Cord
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crosley Crosley
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DeSoto_(automobile) DeSoto
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Detroit_Electric Detroit Electric
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Devon_Motorworks Devon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duesenberg Duesenberg
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eagle_(automobile) Eagle
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edsel Edsel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frazer_(automobile) Frazer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fisker_Automotive Fisker
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geo_(automobile) Geo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hudson_Motor_Car_Company Hudson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hummer Hummer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GMC_Hummer_EV Hummer EV
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hupmobile Hupmobile
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imperial_(automobile) Imperial
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chrysler_Corporation Chrysler Corporation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jordan_Motor_Car_Company Jordan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kaiser_Motors Kaiser
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LaFayette_Motors LaFayette
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LaSalle_(automobile) LaSalle
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Local_Motors Local
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marmon_Motor_Car_Company Marmon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marquette_(automobile) Marquette
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maxwell_automobile Maxwell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mercer_(automobile) Mercer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mercury_(automobile) Mercury
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Merkur Merkur
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moon_Motor_Car Moon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mosler_Automotive Mosler
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nash_Motors Nash
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Navistar_International Navistar International
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oakland_Motor_Car_Company Oakland
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oldsmobile Oldsmobile
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Packard Packard
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plymouth_(automobile) Plymouth
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pontiac_(automobile) Pontiac
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rambler_(automobile) Rambler
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saturn_Corporation Saturn
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Staver Staver
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stearns-Knight Stearns-Knight
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Studebaker Studebaker
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vector_Motors Vector
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wheego_Technologies Wheego
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willys Willys
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SamKochAvto SamKochAvto
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UzAuto_Motors UzAuto Motors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Da-Nang_Vietnam_CHIEN-THANG-3.45T-truck-01.jpg ChienThang
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/THACO THACO
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VinFast VinFast
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vinaxuki Vinaxuki
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talk:VinFast VinFast
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VinFast_VF_e34 VinFast
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VinFast_VF_8 VinFast
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VinFast_LUX_A2.0 VinFast
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VinFast_LUX_SA2.0 VinFast
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VinFast_President VinFast
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VinFast_Fadil VinFast
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VinFast_VF_3 VinFast
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VinFast_VF_5 VinFast
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VinFast_VF_6 VinFast
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VinFast_VF_7 VinFast
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VinFast_VF_9 VinFast
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VinFast_Klara VinFast
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Template:VinFast VinFast
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Template_talk:VinFast VinFast
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VinFast_LUX_V8 VinFast
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VinFast_Ludo VinFast
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:VinFast VinFast
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:VinFast_vehicles VinFast
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VinFast#Klara VinFast
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VinFast_VF_e35 VinFast
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VinFast_VF_e36 VinFast
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Willys Willys
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willys_MB Willys
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willys_M38 Willys
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willys%E2%80%93Knight Willys
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willys_77 Willys
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willys%E2%80%93Overland_Jeepster Willys
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willys_Aero Willys
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willys-Knight Willys
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willys_Americar Willys
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willys-Overland_Jeepster Willys
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willys_Aero#Brazil Willys
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willys_Interlagos Willys
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willys_MA Willys
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willys_Jeep_Wagon Willys
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willys_Jeep_Truck Willys
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willys_M38A1 Willys
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willys_Rural Willys
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willys_FAMAE_Corvo Willys
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willys_Jeep_Station_Wagon Willys
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeep_Willys Willys
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeep_Willys2 Willys
